Required software section added to readme (#16)
n7space/sis: README.md

Cloned from git://git.rtems.org/sis.git

## Required software

> - CppuTest can be download from http://cpputest.github.io/ 

Author: ```suggestion
- CppuTest - follow instruction under this link to install: http://cpputest.github.io/ 
```
